README.md, before:

# Eorzean Info ![Build Status](https://troyrijkaard.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/601ec48c-46b9-4059-b8db-e5a853a566c7/5/badge)

### Introduction

Android application to pull information about characters in FFXIV.

### Development Setup
Clone project and hit build, dependencies should all auto resolve.

### TODO

    (?) If unknown if can be done
  
    Minions - 
      Can show which minions have been acquired
      Which ones are missing
      Show a % acquired
    Mounts - 
      Can show which mounts have been acquired
      Which ones are missing
      Show a % acquired
    Achievements - 
      Can show which achievements have been acquired
      Which ones are missing
      Show a % acquired
    Character events - 
      Can show any name changes / race changes
      Can show leveling up, and general events from the API
    (?)Free company - 
      Is it possible to pull current GC, and any details about them?
    (?)Gathering -
      Is it possible to pull completed items from the gathering/fishing log?
    (?)Required Crafting Items from the Crafting Log -
      Is it possible to pull completed items from the crafting log?

Commit message:

Feat/mounts view (#10)
* wip: add fragment to display when wanting to see all minions or mounts

* wip: add initial tabs

* wip: add titles to the tabs

* wip: show all minions/mounts as card items

* wip; add spacing decoration around the grid

* doc(constants): document the constants file

* wip: add the types of the models pulled

* wip: add repository to get all mounts

* wip: add repository to hold all mounts, and push into the mounts fragment

* wip: add method to get list of all notAcquired models

* wip: add ability to parse minions

* wip: update readme

README.md, after:

# Eorzean Info ![Build Status](https://troyrijkaard.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/601ec48c-46b9-4059-b8db-e5a853a566c7/5/badge)

### Introduction

Android application to pull information about characters in FFXIV.

### Development Setup
Clone project and hit build, dependencies should all auto resolve.

### Libraries / APIs
[XIVDB](https://github.com/xivdb/api) - provides the API thats used to pull data


### TODO

    (?) If unknown if can be done
  
    Minions - 
      Show a % acquired
    Mounts - 
      Show a % acquired
    Achievements - 
      Can show which achievements have been acquired
      Which ones are missing
      Show a % acquired
    Character events - 
      Can show any name changes / race changes
      Can show leveling up, and general events from the API
    (?)Free company - 
      Is it possible to pull current GC, and any details about them?
    (?)Gathering -
      Is it possible to pull completed items from the gathering/fishing log?
    (?)Required Crafting Items from the Crafting Log -
      Is it possible to pull completed items from the crafting log?
